Community-supported plugin updates (#6612)
mattermost/docs: source/getting-started/admin-onboarding-tasks.rst

To enable and manage plugins, go to **System Console > Plugins**. Next, install plugins from **Product menu > Marketplace**. See the `Marketplace  <https://developers.mattermost.com/integrate/admin-guide/admin-plugins-beta/#marketplace>`__ documentation for details.

> Consider installing, configuring, and enabling the following third-party productivity plugins for your users:   

Reviewer: third-party productivity plugins > community integrations

> Consider installing, configuring, and enabling the following third-party productivity plugins for your users:   

Author: ```suggestion
Consider installing, configuring, and enabling the following community integrations for your users:   
```
